build(cicd): add BitBucket as pipeline source to pipeline_init (#1853)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/pipelines.md

Copilot can set up a CodePipeline for you with a few commands - but before we jump into that, let's talk a little bit about the structure of the pipeline we'll be generating. Our pipeline will have the following basic structure:

> 1. __Source Stage__ - when you push to a configured GitHub, Bitbucket, or CodeCommit branch ('main' or 'master', by default), a new pipeline execution is triggered.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
1. __Source Stage__ - when you push to a configured GitHub, Bitbucket, or CodeCommit repository branch, a new pipeline execution is triggered.
```

Author: Done.
